Design Assurance Update (#1126)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Vocabularies/RelationshipType.md

- trainedOn: The `from` Element has been trained on the `to` Element(s).
- underInvestigationFor: The `from` Vulnerability impact is being investigated for each `to` Element. The use of the `underInvestigationFor` type is constrained to `VexUnderInvestigationVulnAssessmentRelationship` classed relationships.
- usesTool: The `from` Element uses each `to` Element as a tool, during a LifecycleScopeType period.
- isVerifiedBy: The `from` RequirementVerification is a verifies process of `to` Requirement.

> - TraceToDetail: The `from` Requirement trace to detail to in `to` Requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- traceToDetail: The `from` Requirement trace to detail to in `to` Requirement.
```

The entry should be in lowerCamelCase.

- underInvestigationFor: The `from` Vulnerability impact is being investigated for each `to` Element. The use of the `underInvestigationFor` type is constrained to `VexUnderInvestigationVulnAssessmentRelationship` classed relationships.
- usesTool: The `from` Element uses each `to` Element as a tool, during a LifecycleScopeType period.
- validatedOn: The `from` Element has been validated on the `to` Element(s).

> - isVerifiedBy: The `from` RequirementVerification is a verifies process of `to` Requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- verifiedBy: The `from` RequirementVerification is a verification process of `to` Requirement.
```

Follows the pattern of invokedBy, modifiedBy, packagedBy, patchedBy, reportedBy, ..., omitting "is" prefix for brevity.
